# SendGrid 达到每天 10 亿封电子邮件的里程碑

> 原文：<https://devops.com/sendgrid-reaches-1-billion-emails-per-day-milestone/>

*Customer Communication Messages Delivered via SendGrid’s Platform Engage 1.6 Billion Unique Email Addresses Every 90 Days***BOULDER, Colo., April 11, 2016 — **SendGrid, the leading delivery platform for customer communication, today announced that it has reached the milestone of sending 1 billion emails per day on behalf of its customers.  These customer communication messages reach more than 1.6 billion unique email addresses every 90 days and drive engagement and business growth for the 80,000 active SendGrid customers.“We’re proud of reaching this milestone and extremely grateful to all of our customers, partners, investors and employees who have helped us get here in the nearly 7 years since SendGrid was founded by Isaac, Jose and Tim,” said Sameer Dholakia, CEO of SendGrid. “As we celebrate this achievement, we are excited to continue building on our foundation of providing industry-leading email deliverability, scalability and support and striving ahead toward our vision of becoming the world’s most trusted communication platform.”With developer DNA at its core, SendGrid was founded in 2009 by 3 developers who set out to build a better way to send email. Together, they pioneered the transactional email category and today SendGrid is a leader in email infrastructure, having delivered nearly 600 billion emails to date.  The founders still write code every day and SendGrid’s scale, expertise and resources continue to help make its customer-senders successful. SendGrid offers strong inbox delivery rates, best-in-class scalability, and the largest support and account management services team in the industry.With the launch of Marketing Campaigns in December of 2015, SendGrid extended its customer communication platform. The new email marketing service empowers senders to deliver promotional emails that drive meaningful and lasting engagements, at a fraction of the cost of competitors.  SendGrid enables customers to execute and scale both their marketing and transactional email campaigns on one single platform. Since the launch, 9,000 active Marketing Campaigns customers have collectively sent over 500 million emails. After graduating from TechStars in 2009, SendGrid has grown from 3 employees to 300\. As part of its growth, the company now has:

*   29 名支持代理通过聊天、电子邮件和电话提供 24/7 全球客户支持
*   25 名交付和客户成功经理
*   100 名工程师加快了创新和功能增强的步伐
*   每月通过 SendGrid 发送 1 亿封或更多电子邮件的 350 名客户
*   8 名社区发展传道者致力于帮助下一代创业开发者和创始人在全球范围内发展业务

**About SendGrid**SendGrid is a proven, cloud-based customer communication platform that drives engagement and business growth. SendGrid is a leader in email deliverability and its proven, cloud-based platform successfully delivers over 23 billion emails each month for Internet and mobile-based customers like Airbnb, Pandora, HubSpot, Spotify, Uber and FourSquare as well as more traditional enterprises like Intuit and Costco. For more information, visit [www.sendgrid.com](http://www.sendgrid.com/).###