# 北卡罗莱纳州五月会议:DevOps 从宣传到底线

> 原文:[https://devops.com/may-meeting-devops-hype-bottom-line/](https://devops.com/may-meeting-devops-hype-bottom-line/)

DevOps is generally defined as software development movement that encourages automation, integration and greater collaboration between software developers and operations staff. By bridging the gap between those two sometimes warring factions, DevOps establishes a consistent, repeatable way for IT to manage its production environment, resulting in faster time to market, higher productivity levels and smoother server and application deployment.What does this definition really mean? Does the DevOps movement really deliver on the bottom line? Are organizations buying in to DevOps at all levels, or is it just the latest in a long line of the latest and greatest software development methodologies? What are the key elements of a successful DevOps initiative? What skillsets should IT professionals grow to be successful in a DevOps environment? Should organizations replace existing successful best practices with DevOps methodologies?Our panel discussion of IT leaders in May will answer these questions helping sort through misconceptions about DevOps and its impact on the software development and delivery cycle.  Panelists with links to their bios include:·Frank Isaacs DevOps Engineer at IBMSalill Soman  Director, Application Development at MetLifeJosh Wyatt    Director, Global DevOps at LogicNow.

会议将于 5 月 12 日在罗利希尔斯堡街 4200 号北卡罗来纳州立大学俱乐部举行。下午 5:30 开始注册和联网，6:30 吃晚饭。专题介绍的时间是晚上 7 点 15 分到 8 点 30 分

求职者请注意:带上你的简历

http://rtp-aitp.org/next-meeting/