# NodeSource 宣布为 Kubernetes 进行容器化的 N |固体部署

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/node source-announced-contained-n solid-deployment-kubernetes/](https://devops.com/nodesource-announces-containerized-nsolid-deployment-kubernetes/)

> > Developers can now deploy enterprise-level Node.js on Kubernetes
> > 
> > San Francisco, California- July 26, 2016 - [NodeSource, an enterprise node company](https://nodesource.com/) Today, the beta release of containerized N|Solid deployment for Kubernetes was announced at the 2016 Node Summit. In this version, NodeSource provides the first version of Node.js, which provides continuous performance and security monitoring of production readiness in Kubernetes cluster.
> > 
> > A recent survey by Node.js Foundation found that 45% of developers combine Node.js with container technologies such as Docker. As companies seek to build their next generation architecture, Node.js and containerization are becoming two key components to drive rapid technological innovation.
> > 
> > Kubernetes makes it quick and simple to deploy, extend and manage containerized services. With the N|Solid deployment of Kubernetes, developers can monitor the performance and scan vulnerabilities of Node.js applications running in Kubernetes cluster in real time.
> > 
> > "Node.js is an ideal choice for containers because it allows developers to quickly build, iterate and extend cloud native APIs, applications and microservices," said Aparna Sinha, product manager of Google Container Engine in Kubernetes &. "It's great to see that NodeSource provides Kubernetes deployment for node-specific monitoring and security, so that the company can expand with confidence."
> > 
> > The combination of n | solid and Kubernetes orchestration provides:
> > 
> > *   microservices/ Efficient extension of distributed architecture
> >     
> >     
> > *   Insight and analysis of node-specific performance
> >     
> >     
> > *   Continuous security vulnerability scanning of Node.js package
> >     
> >     
> > 
> > *   is accelerated. T40]
> >     
> >     
> > *   Automatic roll-out and roll-back
> >     
> >     
> > *   Service discovery and load balancing
> >     
> >     
> > *   Horizontal application extension
> >     
> >     
> > 
> > [TT Joe McCann, founder, said: "With the containerization of Node.js and the adoption of Kubernetes coordinated by cloud, we see a popular trend among enterprise customers. "By adding the powerful monitoring and security functions of N|Solid, we have created triple advantages for high-performance Node.js services."
> > 
> > N | Solid can be downloaded as a native package (Linux and Mac), Docker image and now pre-configured Kubernetes deployment. For more information, please visit <landing page="">.</landing>
> > 
> > About Node Source:
> > 
> > Node Source is a technology company dedicated to providing enterprise-level solutions to support the sustainable ecosystem of open source Node.js projects. Our goal is to promote and expand the Node.js ecosystem by providing the best solutions specifically for the needs of enterprises. Customers include NASA, HomeAway, Condé Nast, Craftsy and other advanced Node.js adopters who lead microservices through server-side JavaScript instead of maintaining legacy monolithic applications such as Java. We are an organization distributed by design-our team members work in all corners of the world: Asia, Australia, Europe, South America, new york, San Francisco and Austin. Node is supported by RRE Venture Capital, Crosslink Capital and Resolute.vc and our AngelList open source consortium. For more information, please visit [www.nodesource.com](https://www.nodesource.com/) and follow [@ node source](https://twitter.com/nodesource) .