# Oracle 云基础架构的发展势头随着新员工的加入而加速

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/Oracle-cloud-infra structure-momentum-accelerates-with-new-hires/](https://devops.com/oracle-cloud-infrastructure-momentum-accelerates-with-new-hires/)

> ## nearly 2, 00 new employees will support customer growth, product innovation and data center expansion
> 
> Redwood Coast, California-October 8, 2019
> 
> * * *
> 
> Oracle Bone Inscriptions announced today that it plans to recruit nearly 2,000 employees worldwide to engage in its growing cloud infrastructure business in Oracle Bone Inscriptions. These new positions include software development, cloud operation and business operation, which will support Oracle Bone Inscriptions's rapidly expanding infrastructure customer base. At the same time, the company has also introduced new product innovation and rapidly opened the cloud area around the world.
> 
> don johnson, executive vice president of cloud infrastructure in Oracle Bone Inscriptions, said: "Cloud is still in its early stage, and the current penetration rate is less than 20%. Enterprises are just beginning to use cloud for mission-critical workloads. "Our aggressive recruitment and growth plans are designed to meet the needs of our customers and provide them with reliability, high performance and strong security as they continue to migrate to the cloud."
> 
> The product portfolio of Oracle cloud infrastructure has experienced significant growth. Recent product innovations include the new [automated cloud security service](https://www.oracle.com/corporate/pressrelease/oow19-oracle-automates-security-091619.html) , the launch of [independent Linux](https://www.oracle.com/corporate/pressrelease/oow19-oracle-autonomous-linux-091619.html) , and a series of new [cloud data services](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/oracle-cloud-infrastructure-brings-more-innovations-to-customers) . Only Oracle Gen 2 Cloud can run Oracle's leading enterprise cloud application suite and use machine learning to provide autonomous services with defined categories, including Oracle Autonomous Database and Oracle Autonomous Linux. In addition, Oracle Bone Inscriptions is the only cloud infrastructure company in the world that provides enterprise applications. This brings huge cost and competitive advantage to customers, and enables them to expand their applications as their business grows.
> 
> In the past year, Oracle Bone Inscriptions has opened 12 new second-generation cloud regions, and currently operates 16 regions around the world, which is the fastest expansion of any major cloud provider. Oracle continues the fast pace of its second-generation cloud regional release, and plans to add another 20 regions by the end of 2020, bringing the total number of global coverage regions to 36\. 11 countries or jurisdictions will establish regional pairs to promote enterprise-level and multi-regional disaster recovery strategies, so as to better support those customers who want to store data domestically or regionally.
> 
> Today, Oracle Bone Inscriptions is the only company that provides fully integrated cloud services and builds intelligence at every layer of the cloud. The growing talent base of Oracle's cloud infrastructure will ensure that customers continue to benefit from first-class security, consistent high performance, simple and predictable pricing, and the tools and expertise needed to quickly and efficiently migrate enterprise workloads to the cloud.
> 
> In addition to rapid recruitment, Oracle Bone Inscriptions will make additional real estate investment to support the expanded workforce of cloud infrastructure in Oracle Bone Inscriptions.