# DevOps 研究所宣布 12 月 10 日为“全球滑雪日”

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/devo PS-institute-declare-December-10-as-global-skill up-day/](https://devops.com/devops-institute-declares-december-10-as-global-skilup-day/)

> *The world's first virtual activity of uninterrupted and continuous learning, dedicated to **improving skills** providing a unique "how-to" DevOps conference, Gene Kim, John Willis, Helen Beal, Mirco Hering, Damon Edwards, Lecture by Karen Ferris and other experts* *T5]*
> 
> BOCA Raton, Florida-October 1, 2019-DevOps Institute ( [https://devopsinstitute.com/](http://icm-tracking.meltwater.com/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=I%2BqMhXDuIS2RujNbavWSOKShOr7Ezi73JeGvxlkJ09Qb0kDpZZQFeERc9Ftx%2Fbg4ZpvJNGn%2Fi5y4vLBcRmoJI2KD%2F3dSZo2SWN508wauzx1l8ky7AsffhQ%3D%3D&G=0&R=https%3A%2F%2Fc212.net%2Fc%2Flink%2F%3Ft%3D0%26l%3Den%26o%3D2426491-1%26h%3D3734902455%26u%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fdevopsinstitute.com%252F%26a%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fdevopsinstitute.com%252F&I=20191001130037.00000671a127%40mail6-46-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVkOTI2M2ZlYWY4YTQzYWIyZDdiMTc2Mjs%3D&S=V8mxWIMe48JhC0rayBYvcGN2mXCujpW607XFgqmJi-s) ) <wbr> is a membership association that promotes the human elements of devo PS. It declares December 10th as **' Global Skills Day'** -a day dedicated to improving skills, based on the S-K-I-L framework: skills, knowledge, ideas and learning.
> 
> The first annual global skiing day in the world features 18 hours of open and continuous virtual learning, based on a unique and feasible "how to do it" conference. Global Skills Day will span different time zones and geographical locations to adapt to the global development and operation community.
> 
> Global SKILup Day is consistent with the pillars of the SKIL Framework of DevOps Institute, which mobilizes the heart, brain, body and soul of DevOps practitioners through a holistic approach to skills, knowledge, ideas and learning. Global SKILup Day agenda reflects the spirit of SKIL framework, including demonstrations focusing on human, process and automation knowledge.
> 
> DevOps Institute chose December 10th as the global skiing day, as the day when DEVOPS people end their calendar and start a new year with new knowledge.
> 
> **In [https://devopsinstitute.com/ <wbr> Globalskilupday/ ](http://icm-tracking.meltwater.com/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=I%2BqMhXDuIS2RujNbavWSOKShOr7Ezi73JeGvxlkJ09Qb0kDpZZQFeERc9Ftx%2Fbg4ZpvJNGn%2Fi5y4vLBcRmoJI2KD%2F3dSZo2SWN508wauzx1l8ky7AsffhQ%3D%3D&G=0&R=https%3A%2F%2Fdevopsinstitute.com%2Fglobalskilupday%2F&I=20191001130037.00000671a127%40mail6-46-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVkOTI2M2ZlYWY4YTQzYWIyZDdiMTc2Mjs%3D&S=HusUuCUH-b6LYrKARnNwNXdIvVNfjpL_PaSjBJsUkZo) ** Register and save your virtual seat for Global Ski Day
> 
> Jayne Groll, CEO of DevOps Institute, said: "Global Skills Day provides a unique opportunity for human beings to come together as a global DevOps community and work together to bridge the skill gap identified in [Skill Improvement: Enterprise DevOps Skills Report](http://icm-tracking.meltwater.com/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=I%2BqMhXDuIS2RujNbavWSOKShOr7Ezi73JeGvxlkJ09Qb0kDpZZQFeERc9Ftx%2Fbg4ZpvJNGn%2Fi5y4vLBcRmoJI2KD%2F3dSZo2SWN508wauzx1l8ky7AsffhQ%3D%3D&G=0&R=https%3A%2F%2Finfo.devopsinstitute.com%2Fupskilling-report-2019&I=20191001130037.00000671a127%40mail6-46-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVkOTI2M2ZlYWY4YTQzYWIyZDdiMTc2Mjs%3D&S=n9HDZO4LKi3mp1L5IvmFy2HwwYviuyIa74ifGkP0BPE) , and "We need to elevate human transformation to the forefront of the industry and improve key skills through expert" how-to "meetings. The first annual Global SKILup Day is an online activity for the whole world, which aims to increase domain expertise and provide support for the highly skilled DevOps community. "
> 
> These educational conferences will be hosted by some of the most experienced and well-known influencers from DevOps, Agile, ITSM, Cloud and SRE communities. Provide actionable knowledge in the new IT world.
> 
> **Keynote speakers include:**
> 
> *   海伦·比尔，Ranger4 欧洲的志愿者
> *   **Dominica DeGrandis，**task top-美洲数字化转型总监
> *   run deck-Americas 联合创始人兼首席产品官 Damon Edwards
> *   APAC devo PS 文化学者 Karen Ferris
> *   APAC 埃森哲全球开发项目实践主管 Mirco Hering
> *   **吉恩·金**，IT 革命的创始人，即将出版的书籍*的作者，独角兽计划*和*凤凰计划*、*devo PS 手册*和*加速*——美洲的合著者
> *   **Andi Mann** ，Splunk 美洲区首席技术顾问
> *   **Jennifer Petoff** ，谷歌欧洲 SRE 教育网站可靠性工程全球项目经理
> *   **Sanjeev Sharma** ，副总裁，德尔福美洲数据现代化和战略全球实践总监
> *   **约翰·威利斯**，Botchagalupe Technologies-Americas 的创始人
> 
> Other speakers will be announced after confirmation.
> 
> For more information and registration, please visit: [https://devopsinstitute.com/ <wbr> Globalskilupday/](http://icm-tracking.meltwater.com/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=I%2BqMhXDuIS2RujNbavWSOKShOr7Ezi73JeGvxlkJ09Qb0kDpZZQFeERc9Ftx%2Fbg4ZpvJNGn%2Fi5y4vLBcRmoJI2KD%2F3dSZo2SWN508wauzx1l8ky7AsffhQ%3D%3D&G=0&R=https%3A%2F%2Fdevopsinstitute.com%2Fglobalskilupday%2F&I=20191001130037.00000671a127%40mail6-46-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVkOTI2M2ZlYWY4YTQzYWIyZDdiMTc2Mjs%3D&S=HusUuCUH-b6LYrKARnNwNXdIvVNfjpL_PaSjBJsUkZo) **T4]** 
> 
> **to share:** Call all # HumansofDevOps! @DEVOPSINST announces December 10th as the Global Ski Day. Save your virtual seat today and study all day: [https://devopsinstitute.com/] T2 <wbr> Globalskilupday/# improve skills # acquire skills
> 
> **About DevOps College** DevOps College is committed to promoting the humanistic factors of the success of DevOps. As a global membership association, DevOps Institute is the preferred learning center connecting IT practitioners, educational partners, consultants, talent acquisition and business executives, aiming to pave the way for supporting digital transformation and new IT.
> 
> Based on the people-oriented SKIL framework, including skills, knowledge, ideas and learning, we help promote career development and support emerging practices within the DevOps community. All our work, including certification, research, activities and continuous learning programs, focuses on providing "human knowledge" to modernize IT and make DevOps a success.
> 
> Web page | [https://devopsinstitute.com/](http://icm-tracking.meltwater.com/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=I%2BqMhXDuIS2RujNbavWSOKShOr7Ezi73JeGvxlkJ09Qb0kDpZZQFeERc9Ftx%2Fbg4ZpvJNGn%2Fi5y4vLBcRmoJI2KD%2F3dSZo2SWN508wauzx1l8ky7AsffhQ%3D%3D&G=0&R=https%3A%2F%2Fc212.net%2Fc%2Flink%2F%3Ft%3D0%26l%3Den%26o%3D2426491-1%26h%3D3734902455%26u%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fdevopsinstitute.com%252F%26a%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fdevopsinstitute.com%252F&I=20191001130037.00000671a127%40mail6-46-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVkOTI2M2ZlYWY4YTQzYWIyZDdiMTc2Mjs%3D&S=V8mxWIMe48JhC0rayBYvcGN2mXCujpW607XFgqmJi-s)