# Puppet 与 Amazon Web Services 合作，提供新的解决方案，使企业能够灵活地进行云迁移

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/puppet-collaborates-Amazon-web-services-delivers-new-solution-empowering-enterprises-agility-cloud-migration/](https://devops.com/puppet-collaborates-amazon-web-services-delivers-new-solution-empowering-enterprises-agility-cloud-migration/)

> The new AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise provides a clear path for the company to realize automatic operation in the cloud through fully managed Puppet Master
> 
> Portland, Oregon. —November 16, 2017— [Puppet](https://puppet.com/) today announced a new cooperation with Amazon Web Services (AWS), including the launch of AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise, a brand new fully managed puppet master. This new solution provides customers with a complete automation strategy to achieve large-scale operations, while providing them with the agility and flexibility of the cloud.
> 
> In order to successfully operate and expand on the cloud, enterprises are increasingly seeking an automation strategy that allows them to focus on creating value for their business. Without a proper automation strategy, it may be difficult to continuously manage large dynamic environments and adopt DevOps practices (enabling organizations to operate efficiently on the cloud). AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise enables customers to easily adopt Puppet Enterprise to manage their infrastructure, so that they can accelerate the cloud migration to AWS, help ensure security and compliance, and enjoy the benefits of comprehensive managed services and consumption-based pricing.
> 
> Omri Gazitt, chief product officer of Puppet, said: "Puppet has accelerated the migration to the cloud, provided a clear path for enterprises to realize infrastructure automation on the cloud, and helped to improve operational efficiency in a dynamic hybrid environment. "By working with AWS, customers can now take advantage of the automation and orchestration of Puppet Enterprise and the rapid scalability provided by AWS."
> 
> "With the launch of AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise, customers can now use fully managed AWS services to configure Amazon EC2 instances and local servers with Puppet," Amazon Web Services, Scott Wiltamuth, vice president of developers and management tools for AWS, Inc. said, "AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise is compatible with Puppet community content and tools and fully integrated with AWS. Its support for automatic backup and software update makes it easy for customers to maintain a strong security posture, thus freeing up more time for value-added operations and automation. "
> 
> Additional Resources
> 
> *   Learn more about [Puppet](https://puppet.com/)
>     
>     
> *   Subscribe to Puppet [Blog](https://puppet.com/) .
>     
>     
> *   Follow puppet [@ puppetize](https://twitter.com/puppetlabs) on Twitter.
>     
>     
> *   Try puppet enterprise for free.
>     
>     
> 
> About Puppet
> 
> Puppet is pushing an unconstrained world of software change. Its revolutionary platform is the industry standard of automated software delivery and operation, which provides power for everything around us. More than 37,000 companies—including over 75% of Fortune 100 companies—use Puppet's open source and commercial solutions to adopt DevOps practices, realize context awareness and drive software change with confidence. Puppet, headquartered in Portland, Oregon, is a privately held company with more than 500 employees worldwide. Learn more in puppet.com.