# CollabNet 通过 Continuum(一个企业级连续交付平台)将敏捷和 DevOps 生命周期统一到一个单一的工作流中

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/collab net-unified-agile-devo PS-life cycles-single-workflow-continuum-enterprise-grade-continuous-delivery-platform/](https://devops.com/collabnet-unifies-agile-devops-lifecycles-single-workflow-continuum-enterprise-grade-continuous-delivery-platform/)

> *Continuum has now been integrated with leading software application development solutions, To provide value stream visibility*
> 
> **San Francisco (DevOps Enterprise Summit # DOES 17)–November 13th, 2017** – [Collabnet](http://link.email.dynect.net/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=w8Bl7ZSLqC%2BFFEF9P0XN9HJB14ltnTgt2r4zKtmGsiA5bfE55aykH3oCAwy5FwG3vKG2YO0QNqa1DfGRl3sJeSAZfsxGN%2FxUr1vmqs%2B8XMmUCeAhFHbruA%3D%3D&G=0&R=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.collab.net%2F&I=20171113170006.00000036b712%40mail6-51-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVhMDYyN2QwNjExMmQ5ZThhOTI0OTZmNjs%3D&S=BOYLWWuOHQA75AFcxSdrcgok7v2VBkHzmLsmMwGGvhs) , a global leader in enterprise software development and DevOps solutions, It will highlight its DevOps product Continuum, an enterprise-level continuous delivery (CD) platform, at the DevOps Enterprise Summit (does 17) which will start in San Francisco today. Continuum is the core of CollabNet's unified integrated development and operation and maintenance products. It has enterprise DevOps automation and intelligence functions, can measure and optimize DevOps performance, and accelerate software delivery through value stream management. CollabNet will show these functions in booth 111 of the exhibition. In addition, the company will emphasize the integration of Continuum with leading software application development solutions to provide value stream visibility.
> 
> Collabnet recently merged with VersionOne, the leader of agile lifecycle management, and now provides solutions for every stage of software development lifecycle-from planning and development to delivery. The new merged company will keep CollabNet name, and the joint organization will show its DevOps products at the DevOps Enterprise Summit (DOES17).
> 
> Flint Brenton, CEO of CollabNet, said: "Collabnet and VersionOne share a common vision that Agile and DevOps are interrelated practices managed in a single way of thinking through a fully integrated, flexible and managed value stream. "This has been our vision from the beginning-to provide a single platform for organizations to achieve the success of agile and development operation and maintenance. By adding the advantages of VersionOne, we now provide a way to integrate and unify the value stream management process and fully understand the software delivery cycle. "
> 
> Continuum will be displayed at booth 111 of DOES17 as an independent product, and will also be displayed as an integrated product of software application development solutions. Users can now understand the value stream in the following ways:
> 
> Continuum+Lifecycle, leading enterprise agile management tool
> 
> Continuum+Team Forge, leading ALM solution
> 
> Continuum+Team Forge SCM, The leading version control solution
> 
> Continuum+Gila Software, a software development tool
> 
> DevOps Enterprise Summit (DOES17) will be held in Hilton San Francisco Union Square from November 13th to 15th. Please visit booth 111 of Collabnet/Version One to find out how Continuum can solve the most severe challenges in enterprise software delivery.
> 
> For more information about Continuum, please visit: [www.versionone.com/devops](http://link.email.dynect.net/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=w8Bl7ZSLqC%2BFFEF9P0XN9HJB14ltnTgt2r4zKtmGsiA5bfE55aykH3oCAwy5FwG3vKG2YO0QNqa1DfGRl3sJeSAZfsxGN%2FxUr1vmqs%2B8XMmUCeAhFHbruA%3D%3D&G=0&R=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.versionone.com%2Fdevops&I=20171113170006.00000036b712%40mail6-51-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVhMDYyN2QwNjExMmQ5ZThhOTI0OTZmNjs%3D&S=NZG3GZ8xtF4jAx7nUwCTUlaCn7aVsw1_eD5Tre1uWeI) .
> 
> **Share this** :. @CollabNet and @VersionOne now provide end-to-end integrated solutions of [# devops](http://link.email.dynect.net/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=w8Bl7ZSLqC%2BFFEF9P0XN9HJB14ltnTgt2r4zKtmGsiA5bfE55aykH3oCAwy5FwG3vKG2YO0QNqa1DfGRl3sJeSAZfsxGN%2FxUr1vmqs%2B8XMmUCeAhFHbruA%3D%3D&G=0&R=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fsearch%3Fq%3D%2523DevOps%26src%3Dtypd&I=20171113170006.00000036b712%40mail6-51-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVhMDYyN2QwNjExMmQ5ZThhOTI0OTZmNjs%3D&S=Clm3pkxRnEjTRGJeohpzt2BhJ8zC9pjFpmIPqrQf9vs) and [# Agile](http://link.email.dynect.net/link.php?DynEngagement=true&H=w8Bl7ZSLqC%2BFFEF9P0XN9HJB14ltnTgt2r4zKtmGsiA5bfE55aykH3oCAwy5FwG3vKG2YO0QNqa1DfGRl3sJeSAZfsxGN%2FxUr1vmqs%2B8XMmUCeAhFHbruA%3D%3D&G=0&R=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fsearch%3Fq%3D%2523Agile%26src%3Dtypd&I=20171113170006.00000036b712%40mail6-51-ussnn1&X=MHwxMDQ2NzU4OjVhMDYyN2QwNjExMmQ5ZThhOTI0OTZmNjs%3D&S=WVW84kQ9j6CvlXvMha6wtvbMAfwqwk7hY4XKbeYUzGU) , which can be demonstrated in #DOES17 exhibition hall
> 
> **About Collabnet**
> 
> With our platform and services, our customers can develop and deploy cutting-edge applications, allowing their teams to expand enterprise-wide agility and development operation and maintenance throughout the software development lifecycle. With CollabNet, teams can work together to conceive, build and deliver excellent software with confidence.
> 
> [www.collab.net](https://www.collab.net/)
> 
> Collabnet is a carrier capital company