# IBM 为商业和科学制造第一台通用量子计算机

> 原文：<https://devops.com/ibm-building-first-universal-quantum-computers-business-science/>

> **Haitz, Yorktown, new york- March 6, 2017 :** IBM (new york Stock Exchange: [IBM](https://www.ibm.com/investor) ) today announced an industry-first plan to build a commercial enterprise. "IBM Q" quantum system and service will be delivered through IBM cloud platform. Although technologies currently running on classic computers, such as Watson, can help find patterns and insights hidden in a large amount of existing data, quantum computers will provide solutions to important problems whose patterns are invisible, because the data does not exist, and the possibility that you need to explore to find answers is too great for classic computers to handle.
> 
> IBM quantum computing scientists Hanhee Paik (left) and Sarah Sheldon (right) check the hardware in the open dilution refrigerator in IBM Q laboratory of IBM t. j. Watson Research Center in Yorktown, new york. On Monday, March 6th, IBM announced that it would build a commercially available general-purpose quantum computing system. IBM Q quantum systems and services will be delivered through IBM cloud platform, aiming at solving the over-complex and exponential problems that classical computing systems can't handle. One of the first and most promising applications of quantum computing will be in the field of chemistry, and may lead to the discovery of new drugs and materials. IBM's goal is to build a commercial IBM Q system with about 50 qubits in the next few years to demonstrate its ability to surpass today's classic systems, and plans to cooperate with major industry partners to develop applications that utilize quantum acceleration of the system. (IBM Week)
> 
> IBM also announced today:
> 
> *   为 IBM [Quantum Experience](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qstage/#/community) 发布新的 API(应用程序接口),使开发人员和程序员能够开始在其现有的五个基于量子比特(qubit)云的量子计算机和经典计算机之间建立接口，而不需要深入的量子物理背景。
> *   在 IBM Quantum Experience th 上发布的升级版模拟器可以模拟多达 20 个量子位的电路。2017 年上半年，IBM 计划在 IBM Quantum Experience 上发布完整的 SDK(软件开发工具包)，供用户构建简单的量子应用和软件程序。
> 
> IBM Quantum Expe Rience allows anyone to connect to IBM's Quantum processor through IBM Cloud, run algorithms and experiments, use a single qubit, and explore tutorials and simulations around the possibilities of quantum computing.
> 
> Arvind Krishna, senior vice president of Hybrid Cloud and research director of IBM, said: "IBM has invested in the development of quantum computing for decades, and we are committed to expanding the application of quantum systems and their powerful functions in science and business. "Following Watson and blockchain, we believe that quantum computing will provide the next set of powerful services delivered through IBM cloud platform, and it is expected to become the next major technology with the potential to promote a new era of cross-industry innovation."
> 
> IBM intends to establish IBM Q system to expand the application field of quantum computing. A key measure will be the capability of quantum computer represented by "quantum volume", including the number of qubits, the quality of quantum operations, the connectivity and parallelism of qubits. As the first step to increase quantum capacity, IBM aims to build a commercial IBM Q system with about 50 qubits in the next few years to demonstrate its ability to surpass today's classic systems, and plans to cooperate with major industry partners to develop applications that utilize quantum acceleration of the system.
> 
> IBM Q Systems will be designed to deal with the problems that are currently considered to be too complicated and exponential in nature, but the classical computing systems cannot deal with these problems. One of the first and most promising applications of quantum computing will be in the field of chemistry. Even for a simple molecule like caffeine, the number of quantum states in the molecule can be surprisingly large-so many that all the traditional computational memory and processing power that scientists can build can't handle this problem.
> 
> IBM scientists have developed the technology of efficiently exploring the simulation of chemical problems on quantum processors ( [https://arxiv.org/ <wbr> ABS/1701.08213](https://arxiv.org/abs/1701.08213) and [https://ARX <wbr> iv.org/abs/1612.02058](https://arxiv.org/abs/1612.02058) ), and experimental demonstrations of various molecules are in progress. In the future, the goal will be to expand to more complex molecules and try to predict chemical properties with higher accuracy than traditional computers.
> 
> Future applications of quantum computing may include:
> 
> *   **药物和材料发现**:解开分子和化学相互作用的复杂性。导致新药和新材料发现的作用；
> *   **供应链&物流:**寻找超高效物流和供应链的全球系统的最佳路径，例如优化节日期间交付的车队运营；
> *   **金融服务:**寻找金融数据建模的新方法，并隔离关键的全球风险因素，以做出更好的投资；
> *   **人工智能:**当数据集 s 可能太大(如搜索图像或视频)时，使人工智能的各个方面(如机器学习)更加强大；或者
> *   **云安全:**利用量子物理定律增强隐私数据安全，让云计算更安全。
> 
> "Classic computers are very powerful and will continue to advance and support everything we do in business and society. However, there are many problems that classical computers can never solve. To create knowledge from deeper complexity, we need a quantum computer, "said Tom Rosamilia, senior vice president of IBM Systems. "We imagine that IBM Q systems will work together with our classic high-performance system portfolio to solve the problems that can't be solved at present, but it has great untapped value."
> 
> IBM's roadmap for expanding to practical quantum computers is based on a holistic approach that propels all parts of the system. IBM will use its deep expertise in superconducting qubits, complex high-performance system integration, and scalable nano-manufacturing processes in the semiconductor industry to help improve quantum mechanics capabilities. In addition, the developed software tools and environment will make use of IBM's world-class mathematicians, computer scientists and software and system engineers.
> 
> "As richard feynman said in 1981," … If you want to simulate nature, you'd better use the method of quantum mechanics. Gosh, this is a good question, because it doesn't look easy. " "This breakthrough technology has the potential to achieve transformation and progress in basic science, material development, environment and energy research, which are the core tasks of the Department of Energy (DOE)." Steve Binkley, deputy director of science at the U.S. Department of Energy, said that the National Laboratory of DOE has been at the forefront of new innovations, and we look forward to cooperating with IBM to explore the application of their new quantum system. "
> 
> **Developing IBM Q Ecosystem**
> 
> IBM believes that cooperation and contact with developers, programmers and university partners are essential for the development and evolution of IBM quantum computing systems.
> 
> Since its launch less than a year ago, about 40,000 users have conducted 275,000 experiments on IBM Quantum Experience. It has become an enabling tool for scientists in more than 100 countries. Up to now, 15 third-party [research papers](https://quantumexperience.ng.bluemix.net/qstage/#/community/question?questionId=73bfa1e0a6bacf71fa53b5cc81598b0d) have been published to arXiv, five of which have been published in leading journals based on quantum experience experiments.
> 
> IBM cooperates with academic institutions, such as Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institute of Quantum Computing of University of Waterloo and T2 Fé dé rale De Lausanne
> 
> to use IBM Quantum Experience as an educational tool for students. In cooperation with the European Physical Society (T1), IBM Research-Zurich recently invited students to attend a full-day seminar to learn how to use IBM Quantum Experience to conduct quantum bit experiments.
> 
> Isaac Chuang, a professor of physics, electrical engineering and computer science at MIT, said: "Unleashing the practicality of quantum computing requires the experience of actually operating quantum computers. "For the fall semester of MITx Quantum Information Science II course in 2016, we took IBM's quantum experience as part of the online course for more than 1,800 participants from all over the world. They can run experiments on IBM's quantum processors and personally test the quantum computing principles and theories they are learning. "
> 
> Besides cooperating with developers and universities, IBM also explores the potential applications of quantum computers with industrial partners. Any organization interested in cooperative exploration of quantum applications can apply to become a member of IBM Research Frontier Institute, a consortium that develops and shares breakthrough computing technologies and evaluates its commercial impact. Founding members of the Institute include Samsung, JSR, Honda, Hitachi Metal, Canon and Nagase.
> 
> "We have invested heavily in R & D, and have a keen interest in how emerging technologies such as quantum computing will affect the future of manufacturing industry," said Nobu Koshiba, president of JSR, a leading Japanese chemical and materials company. "Our innovative channels include from synthetic rubber for tires to semiconductor and display materials, as well as products in life science, energy and environment. By understanding how quantum computing can provide new computing power to accelerate material discovery, we believe that this technology will have a lasting impact on our industry, especially our ability to provide faster solutions to customers. "

——[儒勒·路易斯](https://devops.com/author/jules/)