# Panzura 推出自由合作伙伴计划，帮助解决方案提供商充分利用这一巨大转变

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/panz ura-launchs-freedom-partner-program-enable-solution-providers-capital-massive-shift/](https://devops.com/panzura-launches-freedom-partner-program-enable-solution-providers-capitalize-massive-shift/)

> CAMPBELL, Calif. – February 23, 2017 – Panzura® today announced the immediate availability of the Freedom Partner Program, a comprehensive new program that enables solution providers to capitalize on the massive shift of IT infrastructure to the cloud.  Building on the rec ent Panzura Freedom product line announcement, the Freedom Partner Program enables solution providers to assist customers in solving the immediate challenge of managing and storing the exploding am ount of unstructured data by starting with Freedom Archive and easily upgrading those customers to advanced hybrid cloud storage functionality later us Ing freedom nas or freedom collaboration.
> 
> The free partner program includes elite level, excellent level and authorized level, and each level has its own advantages and requirements. This program aims to match partners to the level that best meets their go-to-market strategy and commitment. Panzura's new Freedom product line and licensing model are based on the priority strategy of partners. Panzura sales team is also motivated to work with partners to find opportunities. The new plan aims to protect the opportunities and profits created by partners through transaction registration, and there is a flexible proposal-based MDF plan, which is designed to work with each partner's unique business model. The enhanced partner portal provides sales tools and resources to enable partner sales and technical teams to actively engage with customers throughout the sales cycle.
> 
> Enterprises are accelerating their cloud priority strategy. Coupled with the massive growth of unstructured data and the fact that 90% of the data has not been accessed within six months , it is the main factor for enterprises to turn to Panzura's market-leading hybrid cloud storage solution to achieve scale, simplicity, cost reduction and performance.
> 
> "The company is accelerating the migration of workloads and data to the cloud. AWS is now the second largest enterprise storage provider, and Azure is the fifth largest, "said Patrick Harr, CEO of Panzura. "The new Freedom Partner Program, as well as the Freedom product line, enables solution providers to take advantage of this huge shift and help their customers immediately migrate to the cloud-first storage model."
> 
> "Panzura enables us to provide customers with the ability to cache active data locally, so as to quickly access all data stored in our highly flexible and encrypted storage cloud. Given the explosive growth of data in all market segments, this flexibility is crucial, "said Clayton Weise, cloud service director of Key Information Systems. In addition, Panzura's distributed and highly scalable architecture ensures seamless and secure data flow and supports large-scale growth to support the largest data set. ”

——[儒勒·路易斯](https://devops.com/author/jules/)