# Eclipse 基金会发布了 Eclipse 忒伊亚 1.0，这是 Visual Studio 代码的一个真正的开源替代品

> 原文：<https://devops.com/the-eclipse-foundation-releases-eclipse-theia-1-0-a-true-open-source-alternative-to-visual-studio-code/>

> ### The leading open source adopters of Eclipse Teia include ARM, Arduino, EclipseSource, Ericsson, Gitpod, Google Cloud, IBM, Red Hat, SAP and TypeFox
> 
> Ottawa, March 31, 2020 (World Wide Web)-One of the largest open source foundations in the world [Eclipse Foundation](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=5Mzs9zCEIdRmFEvV3hDDRBsvIjsDTb4zKAc39QOq51Xyah7tqfD7QD061kxo3cF_wvI5EV-A55geR2v80zUhXw==) today announced the release of Theia 1.0, which is a true open source alternative to Microsoft's popular Visual Studio Code (VS Code) software. Eclipse Teia is an extensible platform that uses the most advanced web technology to develop multilingual cloud and desktop integrated development environment (ide), enabling developers, organizations and suppliers to create new and extensible developer experiences. Early contributors and adopters have crossed a wide range of industries and applications, including companies such as ARM, Arduino, EclipseSource, Ericsson, Gitpod, Google Cloud, IBM, Red Hat, SAP and TypeFox.
> 
> Mike Milinkovich, executive director of Eclipse Foundation, said, "We are glad to see that Eclipse Teia has fulfilled its promise to provide a production-ready, vendor-neutral open source framework for creating customized and white-label developer products. "Visual Studio code is one of the most popular development environments in the world. Teya not only allows developers to install and reuse VS code extensions, but also provides an extensible and adaptable platform that can be customized according to specific use cases, which is a huge advantage for any organization that wants to provide a modern and professional development experience. Congratulations to all members and contributors of the TEIA Committee for achieving this milestone. "
> 
> Theia project was initiated by Ericsson and TypeFox in 2016, and now it has become an indispensable part of global enterprise cloud solutions. Its momentum and distribution became important enough that last year, the project took Eclipse Foundation as a potential host and supplier-neutral foundation, which could further guide the development of the project. Today, Teia is one of the Eclipse projects included in [Eclipse Cloud](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=5Mzs9zCEIdRmFEvV3hDDRMpEHMY4rpbZvHxAXIK-4uMPZSx_0sKauHzaIpTntxVJvveJxx_m1tE8W07DqsiBS4fpbuuAATu_O1I0Di1EAE0=) [Development](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=wtIRvKbxhHma0U3NYySg81sWvIqt_aglw0BPcm_nsMXY9CDxIUDM1BTu2SzL87O2-ICjI1NeudP-PRAN3v17gg==) [Tools Working Group](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=H7YZtQbSo1K5tSAyuIln7V82c1ZNp4INd4919NOfslouIPEW32P_1WgV1fAjqZ3nn3D6lXOb-jClQQnXlF-GijLd67uot6u6zSWZMAnZIlA=) (ECDWG), which is an industry cooperation organization focusing on delivering development tools for and in the cloud.
> 
> The most significant difference between Eclipse Theia and VS code is:
> 
> *   忒伊亚的建筑更加模块化，允许更多的定制
> *   忒伊亚从一开始就设计为可以在桌面和云上运行
> *   忒伊亚是在 Eclipse 基金会的社区驱动和供应商中立的治理下开发的。
> 
> Eclipse Teya is designed as a local desktop application, and can also work in the environment of browsers and remote servers. To support these two situations with one source, Theia runs in two independent processes. These processes are called front-end and back-end, respectively, and they communicate through JSON-RPC messages on WebSockets or REST APIs on HTTP. For electronic, both the back-end and front-end run locally, while in a remote environment, the back-end will run on a remote host.
> 
> Both front-end and back-end processes have their own dependency injection (DI) containers, to which extensions can contribute. Similar to the online code extension market of VS Code, Eclipse Theia 1.0 also has a market, and in the spirit of a truly open source community, even non-VS Code applications are allowed to use these extensions.
> 
> Eclipse Foundation has a good record of supporting developer-centered collaboration and innovation of open source software for over 15 years. As the home of key cloud native open source projects (including Jakarta EE, Eclipse Che, etc.), more than 375 cooperative projects of the foundation have generated more than 195 million lines of code, which is a joint investment of 10 billion USD.
> 
> To participate in the Eclipse Theia project and start making contributions, please visit https://theia-ide.org/ .
> 
> For more information about Eclipse Cloud Development Tools Working Group, please refer to [Articles of Association](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=Qv6NvNUyjpEeoo6oPEaR-xHQSYyx8p50jeQ31_ruV9O1oMYoUXwkh_rB6RvMfsMRoY_GHYJQqMklo5xgV7Hp8jv_eIjA2OKqgniNZ89JYYrXLn-YzbV-lEtsdjP7JxC5a65nmIxhaCgCf2Bc6E5vgg==) and [Participation Agreement of ECD Working Group (WPGA)](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=rOhEJB7pKGZpzL4EoUQTYqMLZlAeEK6eP7EtUP6n4ATqW2gAm6LkwRyh3brV5aKuvZSspKHrwkMzARGvCJ6gwKxiRUDq1XQkhBm2bCgdyeMF7Dyay1jWFNO9kaK5RQ3x1KOiOpqFGCaaRQakZTELOCdngjjpW7erv-cOKzLQpDkS5H4j4t0jZfaNO4mq4TH87czSzqOeoMohD4hJDsYZEdh0d7LOEapsNz8vPv192tk_5S4Pz7QNmT7s_jGqhGmt) or email [You can also join the mailing list of](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=qVFT6VCHNuBOReFDJSyBbFLz7Od7QA46KpBg2exj5_OZCp_Fnaq-RJMDoRRI6i52TvzlFq8WEjqh_RWC4hz2Jl-Scd0VsATNH9liDEXNCiM=) [ECD tools](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=zMaXlakzlzL05-n_sCXD0PX1hDN6hGARSvsypAjCoqa9p_AIG_F6tuCX2sX8YBoc0ULRiQdKZMsgQioFi07gdy_OwM5ra706swjFpn-zw8RbEjrDvJieteyiJA5AVa3XAZDixN3YJXr2sCVsP49ooQ==) .
> 
> **Quoting** **the adopter and contributor of Eclipse Teia project**
> 
> Luca Cipriani, chief technology officer of Arduino, said: "As one of the largest open source ecosystems of hardware and software in the world, we fully support the extension of vendor-neutral governance to all aspects of software development. "Eclipse Theia is an important step in this direction. Our community has been actively advocating functionality for some time. "
> 
> Dr. Jonas Helming, chief software architect and general manager of Eclipse Source, said: "We actively support more and more customers to adopt Eclipse Theia and migrate their existing tool chains to the cloud. "Version 1.0 officially reflects the existing facts; Teya is a mature, stable and powerful platform for building cloud-based IDEs and tools. "
> 
> Ericsson [ “Eclipse Teia is an extensible open source platform for creating and maintaining customized IDEs and IDE-like applications. One of the great benefits of Thea is that it allows developers to start with desktop applications and easily switch to the cloud without having to rewrite them, "said Gunnar Nilsson, an open source strategist at Ericsson. "Having a real open source solution is the reason why we helped start this project more than three years ago. We are very glad that Eclipse Foundation helped us guide the first official version, and look forward to more official versions in the next few years. "
> 
> Sven Efftinge, co-founder of Gitpod and TypeFox and current CEO of GitPod, said: "As one of the creators of Eclipse Theia project, this first official release is the result of many years' work in an amazing community. "Finally, we have a real open source alternative to desktop and cloud ide, which can rival the best products in the industry. We firmly believe that this is only the beginning of the solar eclipse of Theia. "
> 
> "At Red Hat, we believe that the development team needs excellent tools to succeed in the new open hybrid cloud world," said Thomas Mder, chief software engineer of Red Hat and project committee member of Theia. "Eclipse Che is one of the fastest growing open source cloud IDEs. For version 7, we replaced our own IDE code with Eclipse Theia. The result is very good. We have a more modern IDE that is compatible with Visual Studio code extensions, and an active, vendor-neutral community. Red Hat sees a lot of potential in Eclipse Theia and is committed to developing the editor as a part of the community. "
> 
> **SAP**
> "Since 2014, SAP has been providing cloud-based development tools based on Eclipse open source projects," said Michael Wintergerst of SVP, the core of SAP cloud platform. "SAP Business Application Studio based on Eclipse Theia 1.0 provides our customers with an efficient business application development environment for intelligent enterprises in public and private clouds. We see that our customers benefit from the rich additional tools provided in the free, vendor-neutral extended market. "
> 
> **About** **Eclipse Foundation**
> Eclipse Foundation provides our global community of individuals and organizations with a mature, scalable and business-centered collaboration and innovation environment for open source software. The foundation is home to Eclipse IDE, Jakarta EE and over 375 open source projects, including runtime, tools and frameworks used in a wide range of technical fields, such as Internet of Things, edge computing, automobiles, geospatial, systems engineering, etc. Eclipse Foundation is a non-profit organization supported by more than 300 members, including industry leaders who regard open source as a key driver of business strategy. To learn more, please follow us on Twitter **[@ Eclipse FDN](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=Tr6MBzZayCIfJ_YLuRCYJH543Pgwa_Zn9XXcCHFIHc3ALJ5_lVSuIYFEJwbfOi2AFcWtFFNKySfy3ZZmtN19wGdAiQePeaIm2DrckixcqiI=)** , **[LinkedIn](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=eIMsg88pff594x4JTZHl7giC07ULmFVByxbpclicsCXbWC5WrZQv4f45_qrSTQZfkB66IwXX2vTfNbhMpJ3GGr98FOp9irHXreY3wMkereVjOSHVlZDyOAYhJw04uDTn)** , or visit **The third-party trademarks mentioned in**
> 
> *are the property of their respective owners.*