# Exadel 宣布 Appery.io 新冠肺炎虚拟黑客马拉松，吸引全球开发者社区参与

> 原文：<https://devops.com/exadel-announces-appery-io-covid-19-virtual-hackathon-to-engage-global-developer-community/>

> *The global hackathon invites developers to build digital solutions to support individuals and businesses during the coronavirus epidemic*
> 
> Walnut Creek, California, April 22, 2020-Exadel ( [www.exadel.com](http://www.exadel.com/) ), a global provider of digital platform engineering solutions and services, announced today that it will hold "Appery.io COVID-19 Virtual Hackathon", inviting developers from all over the world to build digital solutions to solve the challenges posed by coronavirus. Appery.io COVID-19 Virtual Hackathon will start at 9: 00 am on April 22nd, 2020, and the final submission deadline will be 11:59 pm on May 6th, 2020\. Applications will be reviewed by a panel of experts, and a cash prize of up to $1,000 will be awarded.
> 
> **Today, I signed up for Appery.io COVID-19 Virtual Hackathon: (** [](https://u7061146.ct.sendgrid.net/ls/click?upn=4tNED-2FM8iDZJQyQ53jATUXC4kJQYQBwPNINTN8UwKJo-3DETM6_1t4-2BOg2k7wiQWuhTGn5MziV3TfjsjGhnCpxt5L4LW1cCUiOV757WIca6P3o5g2m0BHnyANWNQvYc3ytZ-2BXhfOg0dgEZQsV676x5HjEi2ZLsVERpL6GiiPbEmi5jOonR8iVDYOppUgZI4HlShBVyKLNq7wC-2B8MzDuxAvhRQorTfPaL656eUOZjSVKtLZsU2Ohm55LD4cLnyMYcy-2FZyWHpQnUd7F41IND0-2Bo1oLBRXwJA-2FbMHt2iiDe9Ny4yR5PYjowgkYDyoR8MSAEOt4kXGfK9AleCrnFxoY4d6mEbwr01Xev1z8GilgYTbPGsA9R4QnHo9Zvk1RisLn2EQ8gnQ82Upv53ybwFpOudSAQS3xwno-3D)****]****
> 
>  **Appery.io is a low-code application development platform created by Exadel, with nearly 500 applications worldwide. Projects should focus on areas such as medical care, mental health, helping the elderly or vulnerable groups, improving remote work, financial stability or maintaining community awareness. Developers are free to be as innovative and unique as possible, with few restrictions on application types or themes.
> 
> Participants are welcome to register and submit their applications from April 22nd, 2020\. The deadline for submission is May 6th, 2020, and it will be judged by a panel of experts according to a series of relevant criteria. A virtual live ceremony will be held on May 10th, 2020, and the finalists will be recognized. Prizes will be awarded as follows:
> 
> 1.  第一名——1000 美元和一份 Appery.io 专业版年度订阅
> 2.  第二名——500 美元和一份 Appery.io 专业版年度订阅
> 3.  第三名——250 美元的年度专业版订阅
> 
> **For more information, frequently asked questions and guidelines on how to get started, Please visit: (** [**[https://covid.appery.io/]**](https://u7061146.ct.sendgrid.net/ls/click?upn=4tNED-2FM8iDZJQyQ53jATUXC4kJQYQBwPNINTN8UwKJo-3DDc1r_1t4-2BOg2k7wiQWuhTGn5MziV3TfjsjGhnCpxt5L4LW1cCUiOV757WIca6P3o5g2m0BHnyANWNQvYc3ytZ-2BXhfOg0dgEZQsV676x5HjEi2ZLsVERpL6GiiPbEmi5jOonR8iVDYOppUgZI4HlShBVyKLNq7wC-2B8MzDuxAvhRQorTfPaL656eUOZjSVKtLZsU2Oh5NgiR5-2ByUUM1Ioh-2FXj0TkuDP-2BykkgP5x7jEJ8r3c3CIkZJqoHALkW3WBl1g-2FUWD9oBe0Ck-2BEOVAbZtq8X9DGQny45c7KLKdoL5Sb7FaUs024WuhVqcBtZ-2Bmoq6B6WumEF-2F3EuTxueSqIUO3G75aoMTQE64KcEJuHi50Rvbr6lQ4-3D) **]**
> 
> Fima Katz, CEO and President of Exadel, said: "Although physical interaction is limited in many global communities, it is very important to find ways to connect and support each other in alternative environments. "By hosting this hackathon, we hope to bring the developer community together in a meaningful way, so that they can innovate and experiment with projects aimed at helping those who need help the most. We look forward to reviewing the submitted materials and getting inspiration from them. "
> 
> **Publish this news** : [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection) Announce that @ Abel COVID-19 Virtual Hackathon will convene # developer community to build a project aimed at solving the common challenges facing today # Abel Hackathon
> 
> **About exadel [T51 Through technical software development, Exadel provides innovative solutions, services and engineering expertise to help Fortune 500 customers accelerate their digital transformation. Exadel enables customers to interact competitively with their customers by delivering products and platforms with the best efficiency. Exadel has more than 20 locations and delivery centers in the United States and Europe, using recognized agile practices to solve the most complex engineering problems, providing high-quality and skilled multi-shore resource portfolio and in-depth knowledge of advanced technologies.**
> 
> **About Appery.io**
> 
> Appery.io is a low-code, rapid development, integration and deployment platform created by Exadel, which is used to deliver cross-device applications in enterprises. It combines enterprise-level integrated middleware with browser-based rapid development environment and mobile back-end services to accelerate enterprise mobility. Appery.io enables developers and business analysts to quickly create and run applications, helping businesses of all sizes to increase revenue and productivity.**