# unlable Data 通过引入 unlable for AWS Data bricks 扩展了对云中现代数据工作负载的支持

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/unlaunch-data-expanses-support-for-modern-data-workloads-in-the-cloud-introduction-of-unlaunch-for-AWS-data bricks/](https://devops.com/unravel-data-expands-support-for-modern-data-workloads-in-the-cloud-with-introduction-of-unravel-for-aws-databricks/)

> *New products accelerate the mission of Unravel to support big data workloads, no matter where these workloads are located, Including local, public cloud, cloudy and mixed environment*
> 
>  PALO Alto, California-May 27, 2020- [UNLawn Data](http://www.unraveldata.com/) , The only data operation platform that provides advice on full-stack visibility and artificial intelligence support to promote more reliable performance of modern data applications today announced unlawn for AWS Databricks, a solution that provides comprehensive monitoring, troubleshooting and application performance management for AWS Databricks environment. Unallow for AWS data bricks utilizes unallow's artificial intelligence data operation platform to accelerate the performance of Spark on AWS, while providing unprecedented visibility into runtime behavior, resource usage and cloud cost. T3]
> 
>  "With the development of business requirements, data workload is shifting to more and more environments, spanning internal environments, public clouds, multiple clouds and the mixed environments of all these environments. Importantly, organizations can get the same performance, reliability and value from their data applications no matter where they are. "Unlocking AWS is our latest effort to expand our platform to adapt to big data. With the addition of this feature, unallow now supports data blocks in AWS and Azure. unallow platform can be widely used in various major public clouds and internal and hybrid environments. We have always been committed to being an infrastructure agnostic, which is another milestone in this mission. "
> 
> This statement is the latest development of the long-term cooperative relationship between underline and AWS. Unallow already supports Amazon EMR and Cloudera/Hortonworks on IaaS for AWS. This version provides further support for customers who deploy modern data applications on AWS. In addition, unlauncher is an existing member of [AWS Partner Network](https://aws.amazon.com/partners/) and a member of [AWS Global Launch Program](https://nam04.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Funraveldata.com%2Funravel-joins-aws-partner-network-global-startup-program%2F&data=01%7C01%7Cjtewell%4010fold.com%7C9fd21bdacf7645537c5c08d7f75f038a%7C0fad3c695d4a4864938d45533ad8ef2f%7C0&sdata=P8fI%2Bt6%2BRGNysJnGe4Q4pCxXQYDvOMw%2BKJb2cfaBlmM%3D&reserved=0) .
> 
> [AWS Databricks](https://databricks.com/aws) is a unified data analysis platform, which is used to accelerate innovation across data science, data engineering and business analysis, and is integrated with AWS infrastructure. Unlocking AWS Databricks helps to operate Spark applications on the platform: AWS Databricks customers will rely on the visibility, operational intelligence and data-driven insights and suggestions that can only be provided by unlocking to shorten the cycle of putting Spark applications into production. By eliminating the time spent on tedious, low-value tasks, such as log data collection, root cause analysis and application adjustment, users will gain higher productivity.
> 
> The key features of AWS data blocks include:
> 
>  **Application performance management for AWS data blocks [T32】 -unfraul provides services for Spark applications, clusters, Visibility and understanding of workflow and underlying software stack**
> 
>  **Automated root cause analysis of Spark applications [T38】 -unlaunch can automatically identify, diagnose and repair Spark jobs and the entire Spark stack, Thereby solving the problem of Spark application on AWS Databricks cluster more simply and quickly**
> 
>  **Comprehensive report, alarm and dashboard** –AWS Databricks users can now enjoy detailed insights, easy-to-understand suggestions and a series of new dashboards, And reports on accounting, cluster resource usage, Spark runtime behavior, etc.
> 
> **The data for solving the mystery**
> 
>  The solution fundamentally simplifies the way for enterprises to understand and optimize the performance of their modern data applications, as well as the complex pipeline to support these applications. By providing a unified view across the entire stack, unallow's data operation platform utilizes artificial intelligence, machine learning and advanced analysis to provide feasible suggestions and automation for current and future adjustments, troubleshooting and performance improvement. By operationalizing the way you handle data, unflare's solutions support modern big data leaders, including Kaiser Permanente, Adobe, Deutsche Bank, Wayfair and Neustar. The company is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, supported by Monroe Venture Capital, GGV Capital, M12, Point72 Venture Capital, Harmony Partners, Data Elite Ventures and Jyoti Bansal. To learn more, please visit unraveldata.com. T3]
> 
>  **Copyright Notice** T2
> 
>  unallow Data is a trademark of Unallow Data. Other trade names used in this document are the property of their respective owners.