# Contentful 获得了 8000 万美元的 E 轮融资，宣布推出新的 CMO，并迅速扩大规模，为数字优先时代提供动力

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/content ful-secures-8000 万-in-series-e-funding-announced-new-CMO-and-scales-rapid-to-power-the-digital-first-era/](https://devops.com/contentful-secures-80m-in-series-e-funding-announces-new-cmo-and-scales-rapidly-to-power-the-digital-first-era/)

> ### Contentful is leading a major industry transformation from traditional content management system to omnichannel content platform
> 
> San Francisco, June 17th, 2020 (World Wide Web)- [Content Ful](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=GF0EgDRPiBSnVgO2cRzWJORHGARvSRiBe0PP6CW5hwSd9CcHVbI8FkMOT6TCLMywJ3hQ_Gk0AsV35ioxIlw--A==) Today, we announced the 80 million USD Series E financing led by Sapphire Ventures, with the participation of General Catalyst, Salesforce Ventures and five other new and existing supporters. This round brings the total fund of Contentful to 158 million USD so far. Contentful also announced the hiring of a new CMO, [Bridget Perry](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=Mhu2bzW3c67NtRV5feqiLGjbyKqFsBpldyRgPQFPtO-xFZr23DgfGxY2n6uaRj3_H9OTvMnJHm-H-VNvLeMRekgovvyUgDz-kWTLGdcYfo8=) , who recently took charge of Adobe's marketing in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
> 
> Contentful is the pioneer and global leader of headless Content Management System (CMS) and is now leading the industry with its next generation content platform, which enables builders (developers, designers and content creators) to create and provide digital experiences for any channel or device.
> 
> Contentful is helping enterprises to compete in the large-scale market transition to digital priority economy. With Contentful, brands can adapt to the changing environment by rapidly expanding digital products throughout the customer journey. In recent months, the COVID-19 epidemic has increased the brand's dependence on digital channels as the main means to attract customers. Contentful is helping enterprises to quickly cope with the pure digital economy that became almost overnight.
> 
> The strong growth of Contentful is driven by rapid adoption: 28% of Fortune 500 and 2,200 paying customers worldwide use Contentful to manage and deliver content on websites, mobile applications, wearable devices and digital displays.
> 
> "Since headless CMS was founded six years ago, Contentful has been changing the way the company manages and deploys all its assets," said [Andrias Viskam](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=B4ukxT7JbXXyKI5z2z2Jrzb_xrMJZoKivC-1S5Fi2Ba9Vc2errSsqpAYITfWB7MeMRmzRmkdzdMYCU0PAHgTG0n32Q8fbOfwvi5BP94xVfe_2j6ODqrnowQBCr0O5hQT) , managing director of [Sapphire Ventures](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=AalsV21kcnfi_on1Zx3LWkbQZGvmPlu2JmchVd-yOumwwbUKiqz0qW4MVCo-boq6Q0NdRU9o2JhY6gEyICz3EHFAtd4L2_JOY_JyXf5-G3o=) "As consumers access digital content through more channels, the traditional CMS suite can no longer meet the demand. We believe that Contentful's API-first approach enables companies to easily integrate hundreds of tools and expand their digital presence in any channel. "
> 
> In recent years, companies of all sizes have increased their investment in the digital field, reaching customers through more and more channels, devices and monitors. This exponential growth, as well as the need of builders to dynamically reuse, adjust and deliver content, quickly surpassed the capability of traditional CMS.
> 
> Steve Si Long, CEO of Content Ful, said: "Before mobile devices became the gateway of almost all enterprises in the world, the traditional content management system was specially built for the network era. "In this new era of digital priority, companies must deliver content on a global scale through various devices. This changes the game and requires new capabilities to create the next generation digital experience. "
> 
> More than $200 billion of global brands, as well as innovative subversive brands, all use Content-rich content platforms, including Spotify, Urban Outfitters, Jack in the Box, Telus and Intercom.
> 
> "When we decided to re-build the platform, we were not just looking for the technology to meet the needs of our business," said Thomas, director of technology and operations of the British television network ITV. "They need to easily integrate with each other and be flexible enough to adapt to future growth. Facts have proved that Contentful is an excellent choice for our content platform, and we are glad to see that this platform will become even stronger. "
> 
> As a part of Danone Group and a pioneer of plant food, Alpro said that the content platform of Contentful played a key role in the success of Alpro's latest multi-market rebranding activities. "Because of its modular architecture, intuitive user interface and multiple integrations with our preferred technical services and business tools, Contentful enables us to launch in 15 markets quickly," said Ralph Urmel, digital experience manager of Alpro. "In the next few quarters, we will double our share in the global market with satisfaction."
> 
> The rapid growth of Content Full, the revenue of which has doubled every year in the past four years, is driven by developers who are looking for faster and better ways to build digital experiences. Contentful's cloud-native API-first platform attracts a community of over 400,000 developers and users who integrate Contentful with other third-party services (such as Cloudinary, Commercetools and Smartling) to extend the functionality of the platform. With the recent release of the Content Full application framework, another group of technology partners now provide integration with Content Full.
> 
> Developer preference also drives leading digital institutions and system integrators to adopt Contentful. The ecosystem of Contentful's 300+ [partners](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=RMPzYIIHMXd2CQFds_v4BffPXMoVie8Xg_fOFjaT79ubxCmJRx_RfvixpovIHk98ZtAUi2uNKmLnh7xj-tpPE_eZSB2Km8Nf7GJfxuyFbOA=) includes top digital institutions such as Publicis Sapient, Huge, Valtech and AKQA.
> 
> Abhishek Kumar, content management system and e-commerce manager of Deloitte Digital AB, said: "Nowadays, the market is full of content management systems designed for past needs and old ways of working. "Contentful brings the latest progress in content management, enabling teams to deliver digital experiences faster. It's the best of both worlds. "
> 
> With the recent funds, Contentful will rapidly expand its scale to meet the demand and momentum of the market.
> 
> In addition to announcing Bridget Perry as CMO's leader in marketing and partnership, Contentful's senior leadership team expanded CEO Steve Si Long and Chief Legal Officer [Margo Smith](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=3iTEoZ428FLxdcOm2vIXDmuE3UjEVIBSIm7ysgDnoSr3ve28vYZ6sYjjhewIui7220ycILqsfg2k6y6636Ho0t63QlOZ1VYhggukdUYrrjo=) at the end of last year. In the past year, a total of eight senior leaders have joined.
> 
> CMO Perry said, "As a marketing leader who is responsible for ensuring brand consistency, I have personally experienced how challenging it is for builders to provide a consistent digital customer experience while using outdated technologies. "The existing CMSes and dxp are not flexible enough to manage and deliver dynamic omni-channel content. Contentful's agile content platform is rapidly subverting the market. "
> 
> **About Contentful**
> Nearly 400 employees of Contentful are distributed in Berlin and San Francisco, all over the world. It was one of the first companies to conduct stress tests and then completely transfer all operations to remote locations during the family order period, achieving 100% business continuity throughout the COVID-19 crisis. *The New York Times* reported in February 2019 that according to the research of CB Insights, Contentful is one of 50 companies that are expected to obtain unicorn status. This is a start-up company with a valuation of over $1 billion. For more information, please visit [https://www.contentful.com/.](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=r79Uc2kyi9G440G2gxZfAnXHiaVV_iyBjRepupsL149Ud8ghL-Ck5Q3f5yJvn1o737lzRYKxBmam6OW3QltMSomro-YJDD5Ie5_bjZDkSGI=)