# HashiCorp 借助 HashiCorp 云平台推出多云基础设施自动化即服务

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/hashi corp-launches-multi-cloud-infra structure-automation-a-service-with-hashi corp-cloud-platform/](https://devops.com/hashicorp-launches-multi-cloud-infrastructure-automation-as-a-service-with-hashicorp-cloud-platform/)

> ### New products provide a bridge for enterprises to transition to cloud computing, realizing one-click deployment and fully managed infrastructure
> 
> San Francisco, June 22, 2020 (World Wide Web)-Hashcorp , the leader of cloudy infrastructure automation software, Today, HashConfDigital announced its new flagship cloud product HashCorp Cloud Platform (HCP), which is a fully hosted platform that provides HashCorp products as services to automate the infrastructure on any cloud.
> 
> With HCP, customers will be able to use HashiCorp products to supply, protect, connect and run the organization's cloud-based infrastructure without having to bear the operational burden.
> 
> Dave McJannet, CEO of HashCorp, said: "As global enterprises accelerate their migration to the cloud, they are following the blueprint pioneered by many cloud native enterprises and expect HashCorp products to help them automate their infrastructure management. "However, it is difficult for even large organizations to find the operators and skills needed for the new cloud operation model. With the help of HashiCorp cloud platform, we are helping to democratize the cloud infrastructure. Let HashiCorp operate this platform for you, and it will be easier and faster to set up and run your application in a cloudy environment. "
> 
> Unleashing the true value and power of the cloud means that all components in all layers and IT (including operations, security, network and applications) adopt the cloud operation mode. With HashiCorp product suite (Terraform , Vault, Consult and Nomad), enterprises can benefit from consistent workflow in any environment and at every level.
> 
> HCP aims to be a bridge to cloud computing for organizations transitioning to a new dynamic IT infrastructure model. HCP will lower the threshold for using HashCorp products, enabling customers to automate production deployment, while relying on HashCorp to handle product management, upgrade and expansion. HCP will also provide a pay-as-you-go pricing model, which is very suitable for small and medium-sized organizations.
> 
> HCP will provide consistent workflow and unified API set for all HashiCorp products of all cloud providers, thus realizing the flexibility of cloudy environment. Enterprises will be able to manage resource access across teams and providers using consistent HashiCorp identity and centralized access control policies. HCP will reduce the operational burden of enterprises, speed up the delivery of their multi-cloud strategy, and enable them to focus on building cloud native applications that can run in the most suitable environment.
> 
> James Governor, co-founder of Red Monk, said, "The popular automation tools of Hashicorp are adopted by the development and operation teams, but like all enterprise tools, there is also an overhead in installation and management. "HCP aims to eliminate this overhead, make tools easier to use and run, and make HashiCorp suitable for human beings, not just elite teams."
> 
> Stephen Elliot, vice president of IDC project, said: "The complexity of enterprise infrastructure is increasing, and the management is becoming more and more difficult. "IT managers want different delivery options, such as first-class user experience, but there is no challenge and expense of having to manage the infrastructure to support it. The hosted service model provides executives with the opportunity to accelerate cloud deployment, improve productivity and take advantage of cloudy flexibility. "
> 
> **Availability**
> Consul HCP will be the first available service on the new platform, initially supporting AWS. HCP will provide a secure service network across EKS, EC2 and other AWS application environments, and enable organizations to securely connect AWS environments to other cloud environments and private data centers. HCP will be the next available service and will also support AWS.
> 
> Organizations can request to obtain the private beta version of HCP Consular in advance by visiting [hashicorp.com/cloud-platform](https://hashicorp.com/cloud-platform) .
> 
> Cloud Platform Resource of Hash Company
> 
> *   演示: [Hashcorp 云平台咨询——Hashconf 主题演讲](https://www.hashicorp.com/resources/hashicorp-cloud-platform-consul-hashiconf-keynote-demo)
> *   博客: [宣布哈希公司云平台](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/announcing-cloud-platform)
> 
> **About Hash Company**
> Hash Company is the leader of cloudy infrastructure automation software. HashiCorp software suite enables organizations to adopt a consistent workflow to configure, protect, connect and run any infrastructure for any application. HashiCorp's open source tools, Vagrant, Packer, Terraform, Vault, Consul and Nomad, are downloaded tens of millions of times every year and are widely adopted by the global top 2000\. Enterprise versions of these products enhance open source tools, and have features that promote collaboration, operation, governance and multi-data center functions. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, although 85% of HashiCorp employees work remotely and are strategically distributed around the world. HashiCorp is supported by Bessemer Venture Partners, Franklin Templeton, Geodesic Capital, GGV Capital, IVP, mayfield, Red Dot Venture Capital, T. Rowe Price funds and accounts and True Ventures. For more information, please visit [in https://www.hashicorp.com or follow Hash Company](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=LGM_vRKJ69c6YJTgB0AZJrfm88J71ur9zEtde8e_4AX_KUlpb8H3KBRPAz9JjkNu775BdiTL3UhNym3pKh3h-7cI8tPDMJV5bWFhctRh1YSHe_lqSY-tBTBTt6yqV86F7eErX4pidVuryMJ5DHslRDbEUXHQ6kzx9VXjEXuad3TAli0dNfFXvel7U650jKju-JYEaAtxE87G3NnTKKd87l7TJ2X427AAIpMKi3IKs66b5zuEg66Clh5Oy-maWIziiC_jyyb-nKcMLOoPhRCDAdoCML1oUpmcw6m1xK3uEeKepVqz4-bJMtCyJuJ7c_6FObOM4AXqwebLD25wSkvKi_FWv7jvO9aT6NQaCqvimCGNMl0A_JIBV4JjyMl7su_VSx3S_o92zEWYQEKK64M0ZaVujqElyGSPwXywtpwUJe_IK29PeL5jGMF4u2lxu4g3nYT0kaPXl30r646QXjXPLSWkcPuLjOSMYljbmiXkOpXsifNw-0MH4bVX9QBOyTU_) [@ Hash Company](https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=ZwZ-4QRt0pEbEhWD2FLSbFP__1DcC5E6SJyP_fSP8b-kUzcRraWzgNwRMyQLB7uZGXd8xk9TF4xZMZxgVYzMWOAzu2QfBIS8wCLWzP_A-Qfs-tWdrSni5XcNflNJThKx_uhecmJOewPgtmB6nZ8dAb_qkPfGkQjoVblOmgGYgrz9YwM9RoIB2ajnRSW08dd7GDPofbdJGGdCFJEnSpbmaAn_0t5iC27gV0AL5R-F9aEutttwsxCR8gLXWhJ8xn23PMConU198b_cUJw4jDOJI-y4XCI8TVfbRzw7axwZ47Xnobs2lw1p--q5yd3iSoctHi_P2RnfElzFm5l4bzbCdDqSR59rNNkL-f7F17N8vNLTXAwXz2voge9j1_AP2Mo1RW3TgRo6AOlZef-UGMkhwgTilm06MIJeRGEK4upvKgs=) on Twitter.
> 
> All product and company names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.