# Unisys 加强了多云咨询服务，通过增强的 CloudForte(r)功能提供全面的迁移和管理战略

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/Unisys-enhances-multi-cloud-advisory-services-offers-comprehensive-migration-and-management-strategies-with-enhanced-cloud forter-capabilities/](https://devops.com/unisys-strengthens-multi-cloud-advisory-services-offers-comprehensive-migration-and-management-strategies-with-enhanced-cloudforter-capabilities/)

> New capabilities help organizations plan and implement smart, efficient and secure infrastructure migration, application modernization and cloud management strategies
> 
> Blue Bell Town, Pennsylvania. August 3, 2020-Unisys Corporation (new york Stock Exchange: UIS) announced today that it has enhanced CloudForte (R), its integrated, cloudy and application optimization platform. The new CloudForte feature helps organizations to easily accelerate the migration to cloud and hybrid cloud environments, and provides an optimized way to continuously evaluate the overall cloud environment, including cost, security and performance. Enhancements include CloudForte Navigator(r) 2.0, CloudForte cloud management platform 2.0 and CloudForte accelerator 1.0\.
> Cloud Forte Navigator 2.0 provides customers at any stage of cloud implementation with a well-structured framework to modernize traditional infrastructure and applications, so as to achieve maximum value. Enhancements in Navigator 2.0 include:
> * Hybrid Cloud and Cloudy Management, which is characterized by continuous evaluation, and provides remedial guidance for the best architecture, suggestions for migrating to the cloud and application transformation;
> * Guide to modernization of infrastructure and applications for updating traditional software to meet modern business needs; And
> * Review the security of Kubernetes according to best practices to ensure secure cloud deployment, management and automatic expansion.
> 
> Vishal Gupta, senior vice president and chief technology officer of Unisys products and platforms, said: "CloudForte Navigator helps organizations optimize their overall enterprise cost, security and performance. "Unisys provides comprehensive, vendor-independent multi-cloud and hybrid cloud reviews to simplify their cloud assessment process and know exactly where they can make informed infrastructure decisions, as well as easily improve cloud security and application migration processes."
> 
> The enhanced CloudForte cloud management platform 2.0 combines the functions built by Unisys with several partner products for hybrid cloud management. Unisys has added Morpheus Data, the leader of Gartner's Magic Quadrant in 2020, as a partner to enhance our cloud management platform (CMP) capabilities.
> 
> "Through the cooperation between Unisys and Morpheus, customers have the best of everything. Brad Parks, chief marketing officer of Morpheus, said: "They benefit from the flexible next-generation cloud management platform, as well as consulting services and support from world-class solution providers.
> 
> The enhanced CloudForte CMP integrates different technologies to create a flexible, secure and efficient environment in three key areas:
> * Automation and process orchestration to support faster customer innovation, including a unified user interface for managing, managing, supplying and reporting customers' end-to-end hybrid and cloudy operations.
> * The verified reference architecture can ensure business optimization, providing ready-to-use functions such as blue gallery, monitoring, security and identity management.
> * Advanced analytics can optimize cloud spending, simultaneously discover and provision the visibility of resources, and continuously monitor resource costs and utilization.
> 
> Cloud Forte Accelerators 1.0 provides a well-structured and compatible template system to accelerate Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure cloud infrastructure. It has the following functions:
> * Deploy Azure landing zone with security and best practices;
> * Automated deployment of repeatable AWS CloudFormation template; And
> * Show use cases with refined documentation and guidelines.
> 
> To learn more about CloudForte, please visit [www.unisys.com/CloudForte](http://www.unisys.com/CloudForte) .
> 
> About Unisys
> Unisys is a global information technology company that builds high-performance, security-centric solutions for the most demanding enterprises and governments. The products of Unisys include security software and services; Digital transformation and workplace services; Industry and service; And innovative software operating environment for high-intensity enterprise computing. To learn more about how Unisys can safely create better results for customers in government, financial services and commercial markets, please visit [www.unisys.com](http://www.unisys.com/) .
> 
> Follow Unisys on Twitter and LinkedIn.