# New Relic 重新设计的全栈可观测性产品为工程师提供了前所未有的跨整个软件栈的可见性

> 原文：<https://devops.com/new-relics-reimagined-full-stack-observability-offering-provides-engineers-unprecedented-visibility-across-entire-software-stack/>

> The industry-leading function of New Relic Explorer provides engineers with an intuitive view of the complete system, eliminating the guesses in root cause analysis. Enable them to take prompt measures to ensure software health
> 
> San Francisco–February 10, 2021–Today, New Relic, Inc. (new york Stock Exchange: NEWR), the leader in the field of observability, launched [New Relic Explorer](https://newrelic.com/platform/explorer) , a redesigned full-stack observability experience. New Relic Explorer does not require any configuration, and it can collect organizational telemetry data from different applications and infrastructures, providing a basic real-time view of the health and performance of the entire software system. With this brand-new single source of facts, engineers can quickly discover new performance problems and take measures to restore the system to normal operation before customers or employees are affected. All existing New Relic customers will automatically upgrade to this new and powerful experience in the next few weeks.
> 
> "The IT environment is becoming more and more complex. Engineering teams use various tools to check the performance of their entire technical system, but there is no way to check all information in one place and take quick action. This leads to scattered visibility, cumbersome and inefficient workflow and out-of-control costs, "said Bill Staples, president and chief product officer of New Relic. "With this release, New Relic provides true full-stack observability, so engineers can finally master all telemetry data to quickly understand what is happening and solve problems faster before they become problems."
> 
> Stephen Elliot, vice president of IDC's management software and DevOps project, said: "For digital organizations and their IT teams, it is essential to know the key software infrastructure in real time to keep the business running smoothly. "Customers now need to know and observe the IT environment in real time through a single control panel; Let them identify, solve and prevent problems simply and quickly, so as not to affect the customer experience. "
> 
> paweprzybya, the software development director of Metapack, said, "With New Relic Explorer, you can visualize and analyze data with just a few clicks. It's really great and definitely saves us time. "I like being able to get an in-depth understanding of the' reasons' behind the changes. New Relic Explorer can quickly access the data we need, which gives my team strength. "
> 
> In today's complex environment that relies on manual alarm configuration, it is becoming more and more difficult for organizations to know the overall running status of the whole system at a glance. It has become a challenge to discover where unintentional changes occur, what causes them, and how the problems in the whole system are interrelated. New Relic Explorer enables engineers to discover blind spots and superficial details to support a faster and deeper understanding of large distributed software systems.
> 
> Greg Gentling, director of enterprise architecture at Viewpoint, said: "With the end-to-end observability of New Relic, it becomes very simple to detect applications when we migrate them to the cloud. "It's amazing to be able to get telemetry data and take action before problems occur or customers notice it."
> 
> The new relic browser includes the following powerful visualizations and functions:
> 
> New Relic Lookout: This industry-first innovation provides a full-range real-time view of any changes in telemetry data (including third-party and open-source data), and automatically draws attention to where it is most needed. This is achieved through intuitive visualization of user experience, which does not need to be configured and does not depend on pre-configured static alarm thresholds. The zoom-in function allows the team to immediately find out the correlation, abnormal history and traces. This enables the engineering team to use New Relic's archives to quickly discover blind spots and unknown relationships, and learn about all changes in order to solve problems before they affect the end customers or employees.
> 
> Tang Yang, engineering director of Anheuser-Busch InBev BEES, said: "Extending the simplicity of New Relic Lookout into our stack will improve our ability to provide a seamless end-user experience. "At present, with more and more customers interacting with us digitally, providing a smooth digital experience has become our top priority. With New Relic, once there is abnormal activity, we will receive an alert, which enables us to solve the problem immediately and ensure that our customers will not be disturbed. "
> 
> Moti ferenc, the architect of William Hill, said: "In view of the real-time nature of our game industry, it is very important for us to know the status of our applications accurately, because problems may occur at any time and affect the game experience. "New Relic Lookout provides us with much-needed visibility of problems, and helps us quickly narrow down the association errors between various applications. We look forward to using New Relic Explorer to strengthen our observability standards and practices. "
> 
> New Relic Navigator: For the first time, customers can browse all entities in a highly intuitive visual way. The health status of each application, service, container, function, and host is displayed in red, yellow, or green according to the alarm conditions, and can be grouped and filtered according to attributes to obtain a selected view of all entities contained in a service (or a group of services). These traffic light colors show health status, so users can quickly and conveniently investigate a large number of entities, while simplifying cross-team collaboration.
> 
> In addition, the relationship between specific applications, hosts, containers or integrations is displayed in one view, so that you can quickly and easily know which upstream or downstream services are related to a certain problem. This enables engineers to have a more comprehensive understanding of the overall health of the system, and to troubleshoot cascading failures more quickly.
> 
> "As soon as I deployed New Relic Navigator, I could immediately see the areas that needed immediate attention. Chet Patel, quality assurance manager of Kurt Geiger, said, "The red circle pops up, and with one more click, I can determine some instances in which there are no more CPU resources in the test. "Usually, I don't study similar problems in depth every day, but New Relic Navigator is very easy to use, and the powerful visual effects caught my interest at that moment. I further investigated and made a request to DevOps for an immediate review."
> 
> Pricing and supply
> 
> In the next few weeks, all existing new relic customers will automatically upgrade to this new and powerful experience, and as part of the [new relic full-stack observability](https://newrelic.com/platform/full-stack-observability?utm_campaign=FY21-Q2-DEV-OBSV-AMER-PR-PR-TXT-PR&utm_medium=PR&utm_source=PR&utm_content=PR&fiscal_year=FY21&quarter=Q2&gtm=DEV&program=OBSV&ad_type=TXT&geo=AMER) product,
> 
> For more information about the full overlay observation ability of new relics, and the value that new relics explorers, new relics watchers and new relics navigators bring to the engineering team, please visit [https://newrelic.com](https://newrelic.com/) .
> 
> Additional resources:
> 
> ● Read blog posts and watch videos [here](https://blog.newrelic.com/product-news/new-relic-explorer-simple-intuitive-observability/)
> 
> About New Relic One
> 
> New Relic One is the most powerful cloud-based observability platform, which aims to help customers create more perfect software. Engineering teams around the world rely on New Relic One to improve uptime and performance, achieve greater scale and efficiency, and speed up time to market. It includes everything the organization needs to achieve observability. [Telemetry data platform](https://newrelic.com/platform/telemetry-data-platform) allows users to collect, visualize and warn all types of application and infrastructure data of Pb level. It aims to be the only true source of all operational data. [Full-stack observability](https://newrelic.com/platform/full-stack-observability) enables users to easily analyze and troubleshoot the entire software stack in APM, infrastructure, logs and digital customer experience in one connected experience. In addition, with the help of [application intelligence](https://newrelic.com/platform/applied-intelligence) , users can detect, understand and solve events more quickly.
> 
>  T2]
> 
> About the New Relic
> 
> The best engineering team in the world relies on NewRelic to visualize, analyze and troubleshoot their software. New Relic One is the most powerful cloud-based observability platform, which aims to help organizations create more perfect software. In [newrelic.com, find out why developers trust New Relic, because it can improve uptime and performance, scale and efficiency, and speed up time to market.](https://newrelic.com/) T3]
> 
>  T2]
> 
> Forward-looking statement
> 
> This press release contains a "forward-looking" statement. According to the definition of this term in the federal securities law, Including, but not limited to, statements about the value proposition of New Relic Explorer, New Relic Lookout and New Relic Navigator, the upcoming time and scope of these functions, and any expected growth in the use or adoption of these products. The achievements or successes of the matters covered by such forward-looking statements are based on New Relic's current assumptions, expectations and beliefs, and are affected by significant risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances, which may cause the actual results, performances or achievements of New Relic to be materially different from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More information about the factors that may affect New Relic's financial and other results, as well as the forward-looking statements in this press release, is contained in the documents submitted by New Relic to the SEC from time to time, including New Relic's latest Form 10-Q, Especially under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Status and Operating Results", copies of these documents can be obtained by visiting New Relic's investor relations website in http://ir.newrelic.com or the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission in www.sec.gov. New Relic assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements unless required by law.
> 
>  