# ScienceLogic 筹集了 1.05 亿美元的新融资，以加速在不断增长的 AIOps 市场中的领先地位

> 原文:[https://devo PS . com/science logic-raises-1.05 亿新融资-加速领导增长-aiops-market/](https://devops.com/sciencelogic-raises-105-million-in-new-financing-to-accelerate-leadership-in-growing-aiops-market/)

> *The latest round of financing aims to take advantage of the adoption of hybrid cloud management solutions by enterprises and improve customer experience and operational flexibility*
> 
> **Reston, Virginia–February 23, 2021–** ScienceLogic, a leading supplier of artificial intelligence-driven monitoring solutions for hybrid cloud management, today Silver Lake Waterman led the company's Series E financing, and existing investors Goldman Sachs, Intel Capital and NewView Capital also participated in the financing. This investment will support the company's continuous innovation in the [AI OPS](https://u7061146.ct.sendgrid.net/ls/click?upn=4tNED-2FM8iDZJQyQ53jATUQcq-2FMSSo-2Bhk73m4iHbfKR80CvEwz-2F4aGTaXd7zkaZkFQSbZ_1t4-2BOg2k7wiQWuhTGn5MziV3TfjsjGhnCpxt5L4LW1cCUiOV757WIca6P3o5g2m0BHnyANWNQvYc3ytZ-2BXhfOg0dgEZQsV676x5HjEi2ZLvNWnYOYU9B9jZVWnZLCiNo0rN-2BnXm37TRYIARHTDGRVjk7YFSi4QIvNwcm-2Fwxiu8d0V5qyHrPy-2Fj89ZbhKiC8xFmlvO6hUTsyUQUpR-2FKOPUdaWAwtWp89EYCALBV0bQj6jRCa2dM4IQogy4MScFa2xmklFU3lSp3tDLDEBBN-2FFMEOmb3WbX21MsXRbtMjDfVWUz-2BIES8Ia7BKdDcuHv77ADIFsVgi4oJcQdU8Vnh1xUmtLNpTHyQmY4jW4uc8d16o-3D) market, and further expand the position of ScienceLogic in the [IT operation management software market](https://u7061146.ct.sendgrid.net/ls/click?upn=4tNED-2FM8iDZJQyQ53jATUbTS0xyzWszSmqkkhZD6hbnDrBoZN5r4qUy5Mwv6dccJcC8IIyuwDpp-2B0GtCyRAhN2Eq9Q0n-2B-2BmD5Iroa3JZgoN5r20UhOuXlDsUIWGeVQpOA-2F6fmsxTV71ybF0E0P7bkg-3D-3Dn8Zw_1t4-2BOg2k7wiQWuhTGn5MziV3TfjsjGhnCpxt5L4LW1cCUiOV757WIca6P3o5g2m0BHnyANWNQvYc3ytZ-2BXhfOg0dgEZQsV676x5HjEi2ZLvNWnYOYU9B9jZVWnZLCiNo0rN-2BnXm37TRYIARHTDGRVjk7YFSi4QIvNwcm-2Fwxiu8d0V5qyHrPy-2Fj89ZbhKiC8xSpjdbRXWp-2F-2FLhNDHCnwyiHz54gdJQq6x5PoVXm7gl-2FV-2BCRGPgnN85tQkw7OVC2ilqBOH1ZH-2FoBKAKvabLBMiodxbtNVeEaPK2I0Qxzmn4jqDVKaZKF2hNKuShQVSeVgSlypS7ljP-2FfAZamfxE9-2FMblTbLZmNlDZn6g-2F0Um-2FhOAY-3D) of over 30 billion USD.
> 
> With the huge demand for digital services and scalability, companies around the world have adopted cloud strategies and tools more than ever before in the COVID-19 outbreak. We believe that ScienceLogic can meet this demand, because organizations are looking for hybrid cloud toolsets from trusted partners to safely take advantage of business agility, cost savings and innovation.
> 
> "Compared with ever before, IT operation management has become the top priority of the front office system, providing support for the mission-critical digital experience that defines the way we live, work and play. As large enterprises shift their workloads to the cloud while managing local resources, new tools are essential to provide service visibility and faster incident resolution, and advanced AI/AI technology can better achieve this, "said Dave Link, founder & and CEO **of ScienceLogic. "We are witnessing a major investment cycle from traditional monitoring tools to AIOps platform."**
> 
> This fund aims at accelerating ScienceLogic's product development and engineering leadership, supporting the company's broader expansion plan and the coverage of its flagship SL1 digital infrastructure monitoring platform. Funds are expected to be allocated to recruitment efforts and product investments aimed at cloud native technologies, including microservice and container solutions, artificial intelligence/machine learning, and hybrid cloud operations that transform digital experience and enhance security.
> 
> Shawn O'Neill, managing director and group leader of Silver Lake Waterman, said: [T24】 science logic team has established a leading platform to monitor mission-critical infrastructure and applications, and is at the center of some of the largest and most complex IT environments at the forefront of digital transformation. "Dave Link and the leadership team have a long history of creating value and winning customers' trust. We look forward to working with this team to help drive further adoption".
> 
> Some of the largest global enterprises, federal agencies and managed service providers trust ScienceLogic's modern platform to ensure the availability of its applications and business operations in hybrid and cloudy deployments. The scalable SL1 monitoring platform can help IT operation teams receive very large-scale data in real time across different hybrid cloud architectures, and its patented discovery and automation technology can improve agility, speed up incident response and improve work efficiency by enhancing application health, problem solving time and user experience.
> 
> The financing news was released after the company recently announced the expansion of its product development, engineering, sales and marketing staff. ScienceLogic's leading position in AIOps market has also recently been emphasized by [Forrester Wave](https://u7061146.ct.sendgrid.net/ls/click?upn=4tNED-2FM8iDZJQyQ53jATUQcq-2FMSSo-2Bhk73m4iHbfKR93hoXDh2LPLQelbQ1eHZ19rn7tNwmm4FztEupatgdekC78GVON6wvjyVNNpyYEemvD-2FnUEMZ4TN2-2B8GhUy2gs4IbWd_1t4-2BOg2k7wiQWuhTGn5MziV3TfjsjGhnCpxt5L4LW1cCUiOV757WIca6P3o5g2m0BHnyANWNQvYc3ytZ-2BXhfOg0dgEZQsV676x5HjEi2ZLvNWnYOYU9B9jZVWnZLCiNo0rN-2BnXm37TRYIARHTDGRVjk7YFSi4QIvNwcm-2Fwxiu8d0V5qyHrPy-2Fj89ZbhKiC8xCy7oRFi36lzoe6-2FoFt3FgUSVjmJSnCorLPVZzcShkCuFmovDeTwE3H31uZFXok6hXa2oVud2mh8P-2B-2BLKIoKHGZ7zZzbvU9-2B8YGjVYCVcfPcM7Jrdv9xG8VQUEog6oCLA6pBdDQ5uJ-2B1q9ZwbgyghMgDraTZ1MyySp6vd-2FTtwgtA-3D) . ScienceLogic is one of the only three companies to be emphasized as the leader of AIOps-these honors further consolidate the company's forward momentum.
> 
> # # #
> 
> **About scientific logic**
> 
> Science Logic is a leader in the field of IT operation management, providing operational insights for modern IT operations, so as to predict and solve them faster in the rapidly changing digital world. Its [IT infrastructure monitoring](https://u7061146.ct.sendgrid.net/ls/click?upn=4tNED-2FM8iDZJQyQ53jATUQcq-2FMSSo-2Bhk73m4iHbfKR-2FoGXEoUPJ6ze6Ek8q4ppJLRnopLI0BAi5hjoeyZHOUXQ-3D-3DIOV6_1t4-2BOg2k7wiQWuhTGn5MziV3TfjsjGhnCpxt5L4LW1cCUiOV757WIca6P3o5g2m0BHnyANWNQvYc3ytZ-2BXhfOg0dgEZQsV676x5HjEi2ZLvNWnYOYU9B9jZVWnZLCiNo0rN-2BnXm37TRYIARHTDGRVjk7YFSi4QIvNwcm-2Fwxiu8d0V5qyHrPy-2Fj89ZbhKiC8xwHb6USVLieZ-2FSHT4DArASXKKVfKwr3AwBob2WMIv4NOMSlPTbSO-2BldrxwOgbWEgDRzHqqtFOoXon6VuSSAJ-2FSmjmUXip80n69lsejUnoMyTEbhJjZkOmnfPxxlPJDh3SigLt3mEU0RDjfpLwEDDi-2BYIO856hrPNJ3ylLCb5zJ-2B0-3D) and AIOps solutions can see everything across cloudy and distributed architectures, put data in context through relational mapping, and take action on this insight through integration and automation. Science's technology is trusted by thousands of organizations around the world. It is specially designed for the strict security requirements of the U.S. Department of Defense, verified by the largest service provider in the world, and optimized for the needs of large enterprises. Https://sciencelogic.com
> 
> **Silver Lake Waterman is a part of Silver Lake. Silver Lake is the world's leading technology investment company, with about 75 billion USD of assets and committed capital under management, and a professional team distributed in North America, Europe and Asia. Silver wortmann focuses on providing flexible expansion capital for later growth companies in technology and technical support industries. For more information about Silver Lake boaters and Silver Lake, please visit [www.silverlake.com](http://www.silverlake.com/) T3]**