# Varada 开源其工作负载分析器，以帮助数据团队优化数据湖查询

> 原文：<https://devops.com/varada-open-sources-its-workload-analyzer-to-help-data-teams-optimize-data-lake-queries/>

Workload Analyzer gives data engineers holistic visibility into performance of Presto®  clusters, enabling resource optimization and improved service to business-wide users of Big Data analyticsTEL AVIV, Israel — February 2, 2021 — Varada, the data lake query acceleration innovator, today announced that it has open-sourced its Workload Analyzer for Presto, including both Trino (formerly known as PrestoSQL) and PrestoDB, making the source code available to everyone via Github. The Workload Analyzer is a free, easy-to-use tool that offers visibility into how Big Data and analytics workloads are performing, offering users insights into how to improve performance and optimize resources. [Download the Workload Analyzer here](https://github.com/varadaio/presto-workload-analyzer).

Varada 的产品副总裁 Ori Reshef 表示:“Presto 使大数据大众化，以指数方式扩大了可以向大数据基础架构提问的业务用户的数量，并扩大了他们可以查询的底层数据源的数量。“但是，随着组织内用户数量的增长，DataOps 团队面临的挑战是保持查询快速运行，及时提供结果，以便这些用户能够完成他们的工作。不幸的是，DataOps 团队只能从 Presto 本身获得优化资源所需的零星信息。因此，Varada 构建了工作负载分析器，为数据运营团队提供了深刻而可行的见解。”

The Workload Analyzer collects details and metrics on every query, aggregates and extracts information, and delivers dozens of charts describing all the facets of cluster performance. For the first time, data engineers have a holistic view of their cluster and can drill down into pain points to determine what queries to optimize and how. [Download a sample Presto Workload analysis report.](https://varada.io/wa-sample-report/?hsCtaTracking=f1e6ca65-9c63-4d03-8b95-340d5cc510a2%7Ce8df229b-1d40-4f0f-950e-645017f308b7)The Workload Analyzer is compatible with [PrestoDB](https://prestodb.io/) and [Trino](https://trino.io/). The Workload Analyzer script runs safely within the Presto cluster in the user’s Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), collecting and analyzing query statistics (JSONs). No data leaves the cluster and the tool does not require any external resources. The Workload Analyzer has already been tested on dozens of massive scale production clusters, resulting in zero impact on query performance.Using the Workload Analyzer, data teams can:

*   了解每小时和每周的资源使用情况，并定义缩放规则

*   确定大客户并改善渠道
*   改进谓词下推，显著减少 IO 和 CPU
*   识别“最热”数据
*   提高加入性能
*   提供更好的生产推广体验，提前识别升级风险

“We’re already seeing this tool used in amazing ways,” said Reshef. “For example, one company is using it as a quality assurance tool for daily tests on large clusters. Another is using it for strategic planning to understand the best data sets to query for business users, while allocating resources effectively to significantly reduce costs. The number of use cases continues to rise.”Presto: A Tool of Choice for Data-driven CompaniesPresto is an open source distributed [SQL query engine](https://varada.io/blog/presto-carries-your-data-silo-baggage/) for running interactive analytic queries. Presto offers many benefits, most notably its ability to quickly run queries on a wide variety of data sources all at once, including ‘raw,’ unmodeled data. With this capability, as well as other unique advantages, Presto has quickly become a tool of choice for many significant data-driven companies.The Varada Commitment to the Trino and PrestoDB Communities“As part of our deep commitment to the PrestoDB and Trino communities, Varada decided to release a standalone, open source version of our Workload Analyzer tool so that any Presto user can evaluate potential performance improvements in their cluster,” said Eran Vanounou, CEO of Varada. “The tool will help PrestoDB and Trino users optimize their [clusters on their own using their existing solutions](https://varada.io/blog/presto-workload-analyzer-tips-ib/). Of course, we anticipate that after discovering the existing inefficiencies within their clusters, many users will want to further evaluate [how adding an indexing layer](https://varada.io/solutions-data-applications/) to PrestoDB or Trino can help them vastly improve performance. We will be more than happy to demonstrate how the Varada Data Platform can do just that.”Varada leverages Presto in its innovative query acceleration engine, the [Varada Data Platform](https://varada.io/platform/). A big data infrastructure solution for fast analytics on thousands of dimensions, the Varada Data Platform [became generally available in December 2020](https://varada.io/blog/data-virtualization/varada-data-lake-query-acceleration/). Varada’s proprietary indexing layer runs on top of Presto, improving Presto’s query response time by x10-x100.About VaradaThe Varada mission is to enable data practitioners to go beyond the traditional limitations imposed by data infrastructure and instead zero in on the data and answers they need—with complete control over performance, cost and flexibility. In Varada’s world of big data, every query can find its optimal plan, with no prior preparation and no bottlenecks, providing consistent performance at a petabyte scale. Varada was founded by veterans of the Dell EMC XtremIO core team, and is dedicated to leveraging the data lake architecture to take on the challenge of data and business agility. Varada has been recognized in the Cool Vendors in Data Management report by Gartner, Inc. For more information, visit: [https://varada.io/](https://varada.io/)Presto® is a trademark of The Linux Foundation.